Learn skill to help me with digital soil mapping
To learn how to use R and expand my soil survey skillset in general.
Learn better ways to analyze soil properties. Be more efficient.
I'd like to get exposure to stats techniques. I would like to know how they are being applied in soil mapping.
Become more familiar/proficient with R studio and learn how it will be used for update in the future
To gain a better understanding of statistical tools and methods that are being in other regions and the national lab. I'm also looking forward to an Rstudio refresher.
Be able to analyze data I collect in the field in conjunction with spatial information - quickly and effectively.
Gain knowledge for the use of statistical analysis in soil survey. General understanding.
I would like to do a better job of running stats on the data that I have in NASIS and quicker
Statistical techniques and workflows for digital soil mapping
Learn how to use Rstudio and in cooperate what I learn into our initial mapping process.
Learn new tools to improve initial soil survey
Learn statistical methods to analyze and correlate soil survey data.
Refresh statistical understanding -explore developing local models for distribution of soil features and prediction of soil properties
Expand my knowledge about using statistics in soil survey, with the long term goal of better understanding DSM techniques.
Better understanding of statistic techniques applicable to spatial work -more familiarity with R use
To learn more about options available to make data more statistically valid. Also to be introduced to R and learn about what it can do for soil survey.
How can stats be applied to standard soil survey operations.
Stay current on tech we use and refresh my stat skills. It has been since grad school I have used stats with much intensity.
Understand and use R as appropriate for MLRA update projects.
To learn the process. Currently I am clueless!!
To survive it, and possibly learn a bit of basic data analysis with R
Gain a better understanding of the functions of R / R studio for use with DSM.
To learn more about the statistics tools available is my goal
